As we all know, Davy Crockett 
became famous after inventing a 
line of tiny hats for raccoons. So 
for my report, I consulted 
I call him Foamy, for obvious 
reasons. Foamy, what can you tell 
us about how Davy invented ice 
cream at the battle of A’La Mode?
Aah!
I don’t remember! My head’s been 
kind of fuzzy since then. 
Haha! Good one...
That’s a weird name for a girl.
No pony rides!?
Wow, I didn’t think anything could 
top the extreme pogo stick dance 
crew from last year. Yeah, that’s the dream!
Ahh! I must’ve had an allergic 
reaction to that raccoon bite. You 
think I should be worried?
I’m here for my punishment!
When I’m old, I hope I hate someone 
as much as you dad.
Maybe we could lure customers in 
with a synchronized dance routine. 
Dad, do the octopus with me! It’s a new dance move I’ve just 
invented!
I got them! Ow! They’re hot!
Sorry about that, dad.
I’m on it!
Fries are like a natural sponge for 
condiments!
I’m... I’m sorry.
But the fridge is full of pickles.
The grocery store across town? Dad thinks I’m just a kid. Well 
I’ll show him! I’m going to get 
those pickles and... wait a minute.
Argh! I spent the money on balloons 
and soft pretzels! My two greatest 
weaknesses!
You are the devil!
Maybe dad is right. Maybe I should 
try to act more mature...
What are you guys doing?
Your daggers are so cool. It feels like Styrofoam.
Awesome. Can I play too!?
Count me in!
Awesome...
I joined a gang!
They said I need a weapon!
I already picked out the one I 
want, the Elf Mutilator. It has an 
enchanted rune which gives a +5 
against elf warriors.
Let’s see, there must be something Waiting for somebody?
It’s the golden spatula. I think my 
dad stole it from a giant chef.
Oh that? That’s just my raccoon 
rash.
Wait, I’m the chosen one?
The best food poisoning money can 
buy!
I’ve been training, dad. The big 
WizardQuest tournament is tomorrow!
But dad, I’m the chosen one! Sorry, dad. But once I have the 
crown of ages, you’ll have to 
respect me. I did it! I won!
The artifact that will unite the 
fifteen kingdoms was made in 
Taiwan?! 
But, this is all kid’s stuff! I 
thought I was the ultimate 
warrior?! Look at my rash! Dad! I learned an important lesson 
about maturity!
I learned that just because you 
have a raccoon rash doesn’t mean 
you’re the ultimate warrior!
And I also learned that family 
comes before glory! I should’ve 
been here, helping with the food 
fest!
I forgive you! Now let’s finish 
this! Maybe they cornered the Chupacabra!
Delicious? That’s my favorite flavor!
Looks like mayo!
Five minute rule.
I miss Mr. Gooey.
I name all my food Wait! Let me grab Booger Ball. Yah, step it up! It’s pretty rough. But she thinks 
things will really turn around this 
year. And what if the Nazis get us and it’s 
all we have of our family That sounds right. Wait, why do you have to wear a hat? Well if I’m gonna kiss, I don’t want 
to go after you guys. Yes we are!!! Watch out for pukers. And make chit-chat. You’ll get more 
tips. I was only on that web site for, like, 
two seconds! After what I saw, I’m... I’m fine with 
that. Eww. Is this drool or sweat? My guess is they’re pretty soft. That’s what I heard. Done deal! C’mo Boys, you’re the 
peanut butter! Girls, you’re the 
jelly! Let’s make some sandwiches!! I’m gonna glue this to my chest so I 
can wear v-necks! Come on, Mom, Gayle, focus! We've only got two days left to make a Thanksgiving song that will be passed down for generations. That's funny, it smells like my spot. Rachel Ray over here. What kind of God would give you those legs and no rhythm? We're gonna be moderately rich! I can date someone half my age: a five-and-a-half year old starlet. Milk, save families... what can't boobs do? Nah, I gave it back to Peter Pescadero. I promised I'd pop-and-lock him into a better life, and I didn't deliver. It'll make me the it kid, as in "What is it? It's that kid in the mask." And entertain the crap out of the audience, got it. I think you mean megastar! You should do one with the janitor and the principal. Their babies would be beautiful. Does margarita mix have alcohol in it? And when you're done here, clean my litter box. And don't tell mom and dad about my litter box. No one blackmails our sister but us! What is wrong with her face? Did her eyes get a flu shot? To the cafeteria to save Tina, and get me another brownie! That can be our next Christmas card. Huh. I should exercise.  I did a big soft serve this morning, so I should be team captain. Summer school? Aaaugh! What am I gonna wear? That can be our next Christmas card. Huh. I should exercise.  I did a big soft serve this morning, so I should be team captain. Summer school? Aaaugh! What am I gonna wear? Summer visit to grandma? Anthrax? Aaah! Anthrax smells like babies! Wahlberg! Hey, mom, when you're done scrubing your pelvic floor, can you check my math homework? Who better to do math than a robot? They're made of math! I can taste all the flavors from the past sixty years. I can taste the Korean War. Look what we found with our metal detector. Another metal detector! Wash 'em before you return 'em. Mine's a nightmare, if anyone's wondering. China. Stick to noodles, am I right? Was that racist? I know. My belly itches. She ditched us, and then she ditched us some more! That's a great idea. Can you walk with us, Tina? There's something about your smell that keeps wild dogs away. Lift me up and toss me up that tree, then I'll say that I climbed it like a normal boy. And can you make us a website? Wake up! Everything we do is for you. No move is forbidden except the forbidden move. Florida is America's most penis-like state. Mr. Ding-dong. No thanks. I've seen it and I'm not impressed. With that body, I wouldn't either. And good skin care. I hope this doesn't put a strain on our economy. Make them touch butts! Queen Latifa, give me strength! There's nothing wienners hate more than hot sauce. I learned that the hard way. Eleven years old and I'm still learning...and start primping for Lobsterfest. Or Jews for Jesus on Hannukah. And I designated that corner there. We have two bathrooms. Let's release the lobster back to the supermarket from whence he came. So how do we go about this looting thing exactly? Here, let me see that. Gay, gay, mythical creature, gay mythical creature, in your dreams... I don't think I'm helping. I'm gonna personally run it into the ground! I'm just a girl with a dream who got tired of being told no. They make failing look so easy. Double or nothing, just like me and underpants. You're having another baby? Is that all we are to you? Your children? We're working girls now! Deal with it! We're the backbone of America! Willie Nelson would love this place! I think more people would see your ad if it was on a urinal cake. This is the very thing I was trying to prevent. Why don't you ask my diarrhea?  That was incredible! Cheating is amazing! Why are we watching a movie with a fake shark when we could be out watching the real fake shark? We thought our basement was scary before it had a shark in it. Shark boss! Ungh-ungh-ungh-ungh! And what if the Nazis get us and it's all we have of our family? If I have to kiss him, I don't want to go after you guys. Come on, boys, you're the peanut butter. Girls, you're the jelly. Let's make some sandwiches!  Is this drool or sweat? And a smaller island next to it. For farting. I don't think I can eat another slice of cake. You get one for every octopus you kill. And the shovel he was killed with. Can you believe he was poisoned with a shovel? Like me and this piece of corn between my teeth. Right, corn? You're the reason I'm fat! It's not subtle. It's that documentarian who hates dad and puts wigs on cows. Look at all those police cars! This could be a good time to get stuck in that tree again. That makes the cuts I was going to suggest irrelevant. Doesn't every woman? Nah, let's tie it to a deer and tell it it's late for a meeting. That's a tambourine. I'm getting mine. These guys don't know how to shake it. 
